
Greatest common divisor
	The greatest common divisor (GCD) of two or more numbers is the greatest common factor number 
	that divides them, exactly. It is also called the highest common factor (HCF). 
	For example, the greatest common factor of 15 and 10 is 5, since both the numbers can be divided 
	by 5.

	15/5 = 3

	10/5 = 2

	If a and b are two numbers then the greatest common divisor of both the numbers is denoted by 
	gcd(a, b). To find the gcd of numbers, we need to list all the factors of the numbers and find 
	the largest common factor. 

	Suppose, 4, 8 and 16 are three numbers. Then the factors of 4, 8 and 16 are:

	4 → 1,2,4

	8 → 1,2,4,8

	16 → 1,2,4,8,16

	Therefore, we can conclude that 4 is the highest common factor among all three numbers.

	How to find the greatest common divisor
	Before we move ahead on finding the greatest common factor of numbers, 
	let us understand what a factor and common factors are?

	What are Factors?
	Factors of a number divides the original number evenly. For example, if 8 is the factor of 64, 
	then 8 can divide 64 into 8 equal parts.

	What are Common Factors?
	If factor of a number is a factor of another number, then it is said to be a common factor for 
	the two numbers. For example, 2 is a factor of 4 and 8, hence 2 is a common factor.

	GCD
	GCD is the greatest common factor of two or more numbers. A factor that is the highest among 
	the numbers.

Methods to Find GCD : 
	There are several methods to find the greatest common divisor of given two numbers.

	Prime factorisation method
	Long division method
	Euclid’s division algorithm --used in coding majorly

	One way to find the GCD of two numbers is to use the Euclidean algorithm. The Euclidean algorithm 
	is based on the fact that the GCD of two numbers does not change if the smaller number is subtracted from the larger number. This process is repeated until one of the numbers becomes zero. The GCD is then the remaining non-zero number.

    Here's a Java method that implements the Euclidean algorithm to find the GCD of two numbers:
	   public static int gcd(int a, int b) {
		if (b == 0) {
			return a;
		}
		return gcd(b, a % b);
		}

		This method takes two integers a and b as input and returns their GCD. The method first checks 
		if b is zero, as the GCD of a and 0 is a. If b is not zero, the method calls itself 
		recursively with b as the first argument and a % b as the second argument. 
		This continues until b becomes zero, at which point the method returns a.

		Here's an example of using the gcd method to find the GCD of two numbers

		int a = 24;
		int b = 36;
		int gcd = gcd(a, b);
        System.out.println("GCD of " + a + " and " + b + " is " + gcd);
		This will output: GCD of 24 and 36 is 12





LCM :Least Common Multiple

	LCM stands for "Least Common Multiple", which is the smallest positive integer that is divisible 
	by two or more integers without a remainder. In other words, LCM is the smallest positive integer 
	that is a multiple of all the given numbers.
	For example, L.C.M of 16 and 20 will be 2 x 2 x 2 x 2 x 5 = 80, where 80 is the smallest common 
	multiple for numbers 16 and 20. Now, if we consider the multiples of 16 and 20, we get;

	16 → 16, 32, 48, 64, 80,… 

	20 → 20, 40, 60, 80,…, 

	We can see that the first common multiple for both numbers is 80.--ANS 
	This proves the method of LCM as correct.



	One way to find the LCM of two numbers is to use the formula:
	LCM(a, b) = (a * b) / GCD(a, b)
	where a and b are the two numbers and GCD(a, b) is their greatest common divisor.

	To find the LCM of more than two numbers, we can use the fact that:
		LCM(a, b, c) = LCM(LCM(a, b), c)
		That is, the LCM of three numbers is the LCM of the LCM of the first two numbers and the third number.
  
	Java Code :
			public static int lcm(int a, int b) {
			return (a * b) / gcd(a, b);
			}

			public static int gcd(int a, int b) {
			if (b == 0) {
			return a;
			}
			return gcd(b, a % b);
			}
			This method takes two integers a and b as input and returns their LCM. 
			The gcd method is a helper method that returns the GCD of the two numbers using the 
			Euclidean algorithm. The lcm method simply returns the product of a and b divided by 
			their GCD.


