Backtracking:
https://www.interviewbit.com/courses/programming/backtracking/
=> Backtracking is an algorithmic technique that considers searching in every possible 
combination for solving a computational problem.

=> It is known for solving problems recursively one step at a time and removing those 
solutions that that do not satisfy the problem constraints at any point of time.

=> It is a refined brute force approach that tries out all the possible solutions and chooses 
the best possible ones out of them.

=> The backtracking approach is generally used in the cases where there are
possibilities of multiple solutions.

=> The term backtracking implies - if the current solution is not suitable, 
then eliminate that and backtrack (go back) and check for other solutions.

There are three types of problems in backtracking –  

Decision Problem – In this, we search for a feasible solution.
Optimization Problem – In this, we search for the best solution.
Enumeration Problem – In this, we find all feasible solutions.

--
Backtracking Problem Identification
Every problem that has clear and well established constraints on any objective solution 
which incrementally aids candidate to the solution and abandons a candidate (“backtracks”)
whenever it determines that the candidate is not able to reach a feasible solution. 
Such problems can be solved by Backtracking. The backtracking algorithms are generally 
exponential in nature with regards to both time and space.

However, most of the commonly discussed problems, can be solved using other popular 
algorithms like Dynamic Programming or Greedy Algorithms in O(n), O(logn) or O(n* logn) 
time complexities in order of input size. Hence, in such cases, usage of 
backtracking becomes an overkill.

But, there still remain some problems that only have backtracking algorithms as the means
of solving them till date.

Example : 
Consider a real life scenario. We have three boxes and we are told that only one of 
them has a gold coin in it and we do not know exactly which box has it. 
So, in order to identify which box has the coin, we will have no other option 
than opening all the boxes one by one.

The first box is checked first. If it does not contain the coin, we close it and check 
the second box and so on until we find the coin. This is nothing but utilisation of 
backtracking algorithm in real life. It is the process of solving all
sub-problems one by one to reach the best possible solution for any given problem.

Examples of BackTrack: BackTracking can be used to solve wide range of Problems
1. Permutation of a set
2. Subset of a array/string
3. N-Queens Problem:
4. Maze Problems: and many more.